feat: flags to control what gets stored on session (#193)
agno-agi/docs: concepts/agents/sessions.mdx

)  # It should only include the last 2 sessions
```

## Control what gets stored in the session

> As your sessions grow, storing every piece of data can bloat your database. Agno provides three flags to optimize storage while maintaining full functionality during execution:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As your sessions grow, you may want to decide what data exactly is persisted. Agno provides three flags to optimize storage while maintaining full functionality during execution:
```
